c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Hello World.dll.config
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Hello World.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Hello World.pdb
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\obj\Debug\Hello World.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\obj\Debug\Hello World.dll
c:\users\zgorlock\Coding\C#\Visual Studios Workplace\LearnAsp.Net\Hello World\obj\Debug\Hello World.pdb
